Fixing incorrect UI in controller user guide (#963)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-controller-user-teams.adoc

= Users - Teams

From the *Users > Details* page, select the *Teams* tab to display the list of teams of which that user is a member. 

You can search this list by *Team Name* or *Description*. 

[NOTE]
====
You cannot modify team membership from this display panel. 
For more information, see xref:assembly-controller-teams[Teams].
====

> Until you create a team and assign a user to that team, the assigned teams details for that user appears empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until you create a team and assign a user to that team, the assigned teams details for that user is displayed as empty.
```
IBM Style Guide discourages the use of "appear": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#a . (See "appear" in the list which states, "Do not use to refer to dialog boxes, windows, or wizards. Use open.")

Example of using display: "Use only as a transitive verb. For example, write “the system displays a message” or “the message is displayed” (not “the message displays”).
